More docs fixes (#155)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/concepts/deployments.md

## Deploying Updates

> When you run a deployment to update one or more [services](/docs/concepts/services), Defang will also make sure to get your new services up and running before deprovisioning any old services so you don't have to worry about downtime.

Reviewer: This is only true for the `production` deployment mode. The following suggestion briefly describes an update deployment, then calls out zero-downtime deployments with the `production` mode.

```suggestion
When you run a deployment to update one or more [services](/docs/concepts/services), Defang will build new images for your services, and provision new resources to replace your existing services.

### Zero Downtime Deployments

Defang can deploy your services using different [modes](/docs/concepts/deployment-modes). When using the `production` mode, Defang will make sure the new replacement services are healthy before deprovisioning your existing services.

By default, using the `development` mode, defang will deprovision your existing services before provisioning replacements. This helps reduce costs.
```

:::info
In [Defang BYOC](./defang-byoc.md), Defang uses your cloud provider account to build and store your images. In [Defang Playground](./defang-playground.md), we build and store your images for you.
:::

> Note that we offer different [deployment modes](/docs/concepts/deployment-modes): development, staging, and production. You can switch the modes using the CLI. 
> 

Reviewer: I would put a header above this, and maybe preface it with "as mentioned above" to make it sound less redundant.

```suggestion

### Deployment Modes

As mentioned above, Defang offers different [deployment modes](/docs/concepts/deployment-modes): `development`, `staging`, and `production`. You can switch the modes using the `--mode` cli flag.
```
